some 98 Assam Oh sing to the Lord a new
song for he has done marvelous things
his right hand and his holy arm have
gained him the victory the Lord has made
known his salvation his righteousness he
has revealed in the sight of the
nation's he has remembered his mercy and
his faithfulness to the house of Israel
all the ends of the earth have seen the
salvation of our God shout joyfully to
the Lord all the earth break forth in
song rejoice and sing praises sing to
the Lord with the harp with the harp and
the sound of a psalm with trumpets and
the sound of a horn shout joyfully
before the Lord the king let the sea
roar and all its fullness the world and
those who dwell in it let the rivers
clap their hands let the hills be joyful
together before the Lord for he is
coming to judge the earth with
righteousness he shall judge the world
and the people's with equity
you